---
timeToRead: 2
authors: []
title: 'Harlon''s Soccer Club is back! '
excerpt: New Owner and renovated stadium Harlon's soccer club is back and ready for
  action!
date: 2021-10-17T15:00:00+00:00
hero: "/images/8867806d-c487-4d86-bf03-32d94edca98f.jpeg"

---
North of Spawn next to the Harlon River lies Harlon's multi purpose stadium which has a new owner and a new look. Boris is the new owner of the Harlon Football Club who renovated the stadium for use. But the big question is, who will the Harlon Football Club play? Boris said in an interview, "We are not sure yet. We are looking for teams to play. However we have come a far way." Boris's new stadium includes two tiers of seats, future VIP seats, press box, player tunnel, and player parking. To get to the stadium from spawn simply walk on the sidewalk north or take the Metro M2 towards Northshore and get off at Stadium station. The Stadium before the renovation had major issues and was a major hazard for collapsing. But with Boris being the new owner he has brought it back like it was the old glory days of the Harlon Football club. We also asked Boris who the team might have as players and Boris responded with "ohhh we have done some new transfers over the last year. Including promising players like Haaland but we have also looked into some more experienced players, but no more then that." From what Boris has said it believes in having youth players but also veteran influence which will balance out the team. Our last question to Boris was do you see it coming home? Boris responded with "Its never been home and will never come home." We interpret this response with Boris saying he does not see Harlon winning a championship ever? We believe Harlon will assemble an elite squad to take on their opponents and win with ease. The Harlon Times plans to do interviews with players before and after games along with coverage of the sporting event to keep all Harlonians up to date with their favorite team and player! Boris also said he might launch another company that will relate with sporting called Boris Inc but we were not able to get a comment about this supposed company. Boris Inc is rumored to be the company that will fund the Travlington Sports Center an ice rink situated north of Lord Bishop Square. Lastly, the Harlon Times predicts a start to something big for sports on the horizon and we are all here for it and cannot wait!